README.md, before:

# 2AMM20
This repository consists of the codes for the project created during the course 2AMM20.

  1) BERT_Polysemy-Biomedical.py is the final code of our approach to obtain contextual cluster files.

  2) Result_link.md consists of the Google Drive link where all the obtained results of the experimentations are uploaded.

  3) MSHCorpus.zip consists of the NLM-WSD Dataset. This Data Needs to be converted into a single text file.

  4) NLM_FULL_DATA.zip consists of a single txt file ( NLM_FULL_DATA.txt) created using the above-mentioned MSHCorpus.
  
## BERT_POLYSEMY-BIOMEDICAL.PY
After running the .py file the user will be presented to input some arguments. We explain these arguments below:-
1) **"Enter the number of target terms that you wish to disambiguate"** :- The user shall enter the integer terms planned to disambiguate.
2) **"Enter the target term"** :- The user shall enter the target term (string input).
3) **"Enter input for a starting label for which the threshold plot is to be obtained "** :- The user shall input an arbitary label (int) for the target term t for which they wish to see a [Threshold Plot](https://github.com/a-moharil/2AMM20/blob/main/cold_1_cluster1__label_37_scatter.png). The plots will be created from "starting label" to "ending label" (which will be the consecutive argument). 
4) **It is recommended for the user to kindly change the directory input in the line 152 to run the code also to mention their respective corpus in line 148.**

Commit message:

updated readme for bert similarity notebook

README.md, after:

# 2AMM20
This repository consists of the codes for the project created during the course 2AMM20.

  1) BERT_Polysemy-Biomedical.py is the final code of our approach to obtain contextual cluster files.
  
  2) BERT_similarity.ipynb contains functions to compute additional results. Produces BERT embeddings which can be used to calculate cosine similarity sentences and variance. 

  3) Result_link.md consists of the Google Drive link where all the obtained results of the experimentations are uploaded.

  4) MSHCorpus.zip consists of the NLM-WSD Dataset. This Data Needs to be converted into a single text file.

  5) NLM_FULL_DATA.zip consists of a single txt file ( NLM_FULL_DATA.txt) created using the above-mentioned MSHCorpus.
  
## BERT_POLYSEMY-BIOMEDICAL.PY
After running the .py file the user will be presented to input some arguments. We explain these arguments below:-
1) **"Enter the number of target terms that you wish to disambiguate"** :- The user shall enter the integer terms planned to disambiguate.
2) **"Enter the target term"** :- The user shall enter the target term (string input).
3) **"Enter input for a starting label for which the threshold plot is to be obtained "** :- The user shall input an arbitary label (int) for the target term t for which they wish to see a [Threshold Plot](https://github.com/a-moharil/2AMM20/blob/main/cold_1_cluster1__label_37_scatter.png). The plots will be created from "starting label" to "ending label" (which will be the consecutive argument). 
4) **It is recommended for the user to kindly change the directory input in the line 152 to run the code also to mention their respective corpus in line 148.**
